My scores are:
Auditory: 20% 
Tactile: 30% 
Visual: 50%
I am a visual learner according to the results of the test. When I really think about it, that would make sense considering in my degree a lot of what we learn is very visual based and not visual at all. Some courses in my degree, the work we do is purely conceptual and theoretical, algorithms and data structures being the best example. In that class we wrote code once a week and most of the class was our professor walking through what an algorithm would do with input and what time complexity it would do it in. This made my learning basically stand still, on the one hand we had to write code but on the other we had to apply a concept algorithm in how we went about writing that code, that was the hardest class i've ever taken. But in pretty much every other class I've had, if I can get right into it and just work the code and look at what that code will do I'll understand much better. This is a prime example for me why learning styles matter because if I can gain understanding by seeing examples or just flat out trial and error myself it would make complete sense that I have a visual learning style. Of course I’ve met others that are auditory learners that can have someone read off or explain instructions to them and have understanding. I also feel like there is a grey area where the styles intersect. For example a tactile learner and a visual learner would benefit from working hands on for an assignment vs a professor explaining in a lecture. Which is why I think it's important for professors to be more dynamic in how they structure a lecture because if it's just a simple slideshow with no diagrams or class engagement throughout the lecture students like myself with a visual or tactile learning style will zone out and not absorb any content. The same could be said in the opposite regard if the professor does very little verbal explanation of content and just puts the students to work the auditory learners will struggle.